Imagine you're 26 and you're in your final year, studying math and computer science in California. 
You just got your driver's license and bought a new car. You started an IT consultancy firm and business was growing. 
One rainy day everything comes to a crashing halt. 
You're driving along a windy and slippery road. You are approaching a hairpin curve and you're going too fast! Your car skids out of control and you crash into a power pole!
Your entire driver-side chassis is crushed with you in it. 
When the paramedics and fire department arrive at the scene, they have to use the jaws of life to pry you out of the car.
That was me. That was my car, 14 years ago. 
Imagine what that would do to you, your family and your future.
I sustained a traumatic brain injury. I had multiple brain contusions, severe cognitive, memory, and balance deficits, left body pain and right body paralysis.
I was in ICU for six weeks and in a coma for one and a half months.
My family was devastated, my mom most of all whom I was the closest to. 
Every day she came to the hospital to rub my feet, talk to me even though there was no dialogue, she read that talking to me would help so she did.
I was into New Age at the time. She brought my favourite music. 
She was running her own business at the time, a mortgage and securities consultancy. In 2006, to look after me for that whole year, she put all that on hold. 
The nurses could see that the term visiting hours didn't apply to her. She was and never had beeen religious but she prayed anyway that if I ever woke up she would start going to church.
And I did roughly around Valentines Day. I tell people that's when I woke up. 
My life changed completely after that. 
Before the accident, I was ambitious. I was an entrepreneur. I wanted to become a millionaire and before 30.
I couldn't do that anymore. I couldn't do the things I used to do. 
I couldn't keep up with grades in Uni anymore. I eventually got disqualified. 
Because the accident severely impacted my frontal cortext which controls executive functioning, logic, and decision making. I had difficulty even deciding what to wear much less run a business.
Depending on which part of your brain is injuried, injuries can manifest itself in many ways. While I was very fortunate to not have visible physical abnormalities, with exception to my sexy voice, I struggled with mental illness. 
Depression affects people in different ways and how it affected me was by making me feel like I was worthless, under valued and trapped. The things I used to enjoy I no longer did. 
All I wanted to do was to stay home in bed. Even the simple act of pulling myself out of bed turned into a battle. 
It was now 2010. My recovery grew stagnant as far as brain injury recovery goes there are ups and downs and flatlining. 
I needed a change of environment. 
In 2012, I moved back to Singapore and it was the best decision I ever made. 
I met my wife, found love, and soon later got married. When you are 35 and have been around the block. You kind of already know what you're looking for. When you meet the right person you don't waste any time. 
During this time, I also got connected with other TBI survivors, neurosurgeons, nurses, therapists, and social workers from various different hospitals and community resource centers who were working with TBI and faced challenges. 
It was here that I realized there wasn't a formal patient support group or even unified resource center for TBI information in Singapore yet. 
I had the opportunity to join an event for People with Disabilities Day organized by Unframed and they were looking for passionate people who wanted to give back to the special needs community. I saw this as my opportunity and after the 2 day event, TBI Commons now known as Broken Brains was formed. 
Shortly after, I met Dr. JJ Goh, a Neurosurgeon from the Singapore National Neuroscience Institute. It was in 2014 that we started the first TBI focused patient support group in Singapore. 
Since then, to spread awareness around TBI and our existence, we have organized 20 head injury support group talks, took part in 7 medical events, started a home visitation program visited and connected with 12 families and took part in various start-up challenges.
We have about 80 members comprised of patients, post head injury survivors caregivers and healthcare professionals. 
The caregivers or members of the public that have joined our programs have received better education and awareness around head injuries, as for the post-TBI survivors they hvae experienced decreased social isolation and an improvement of their quality of life because of increased emotional and psychological support. 
There is no greater honor or privilege than to be a part of facilitating the healing of somebody in need, to reach out a helping hand and 
share the burden of their suffering.
You don't have to live our lives defined by the traumatic events that happened to us. 
All of us are unique and irreplaceable.
By now, I hope that you have been inspired and even compelled to want to join us on this journey of breaking down the stigma of TBI and build a truly inclusive society, one that people who have suffered a TBI from traumatic event are treated as a human, fairly and justly, and given the opportunity to reintegrate back into society and find meaning in their life again. 
Technology makes life convenient for most people but for some, it makes things possible. 
